---
layout: post
title: I Got Covid!
subtitle: And Other Lessons Learned in 2020
author: Jacob A. Torres
gh-badge: [follow]
tags: [new-year, data-science, new-years-resolutions, career, education, data, data-engineering, machine-learning]
comments: true
---

Hopefully this post finds you in good health, my anonymous reader.

As for me, I'm chugging along. After a roughly month-long battle with the infamous 2020 pandemic (which from now on shall not be named,) I'm also lucky enough to need a root canal and four wisdom teeth extracted on top of all that.

## Looking Forword

2021 is my year!

Though I'm not at my physical prime at the moment, the brain fog has started to lift. I do intend on sticking with my [Airbnb predictive modeling project.](https://jacobtorres.net/2020-12-20-airbnb-prices/) I got sick at the beginning of December, and the aforementioned brain fog was no joke. I lost most of my life for a solid two weeks, and am still regaining my whitts (along with my sense of smell and taste.) But the dataset still means a lot to me, and I still want to improve my silly little model's predictive power.

Otherwise, 2021 holds much more data science, languages/cultures, and ideas. I have a thought baby in the works that involves Spotifies "Top 50" playlists from many different countries, for example. I'll be learning NLP and other challenging machine learning concepts this year, and will be building on this year's knowledge for years, if not decades to come.

I'm also going back to university (online, of course,) at MSU Denver. I plan on finishing my B.S. in Computer Science and Math, while I also attend Lambda school's Data Science program part-time. I've got a busy couple of years ahead, and likely this year will be the most hectic.

But 2021 is also likely to be the year I finally find an entry-level position in data engineering or data science. I'm rapidly solidifying my skills, goals, and methods for accomplishing said goals. I'm ready to tackle the world head-on; become integrated as a citizen of the planet Earth, and a person who digs for this planet's strangest secrets and connections.
